Changing preamble to system message. (#520)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/text-generation/prompt-engineering/command-a-hf.mdx

This page contains detailed instructions about:

> - How to set safety system messages for Command A in Hugging Face

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to set safety instructions for Command A in Hugging Face
```

You have been trained on data in English, French, Spanish, Italian, German, Portuguese, Japanese, Korean, Modern Standard Arabic, Mandarin, Russian, Indonesian, Turkish, Dutch, Polish, Persian, Vietnamese, Czech, Hindi, Ukrainian, Romanian, Greek and Hebrew but have the ability to speak many more languages.

> # Default System Message

Reviewer: Preamble

this is talking about the model input

> The following instructions are your defaults unless specified elsewhere in developer system message or user prompt.

Reviewer: preamble

- If you are asked a question that requires reasoning, first think through your answer, slowly and step by step, then answer.
````

> In the above, `{Safety Preamble}` can represent either the contextual or the strict safety mode system message, about which more below.

Reviewer: instruction

)
```

> The following strict mode system message is added under the hood:

Reviewer: instruction

]
```

> # Default System Message

Reviewer: preamble

]
```

> # Default System Message

Reviewer: preamble

]
```

> # Default System Message

Reviewer: Preamble
